DSL2: Add multi-reference mapping support (#952)
nf-core/eager: docs/usage.md

nf-core/eager supports two methods of supplying a reference FASTA via `--fasta`.
The first is a direct path to a single FASTA file with optional prebuilt indicies via `--fasta_fai`, `--fasta_dict`, etc., and the second is via a reference sheet.

Providing a reference sheet to `--fasta` allows users to align their input reads to _multiple_ reference genomes in the same run. The reference sheet must be in the format of a table, and the file extension must be either `csv` or `tsv`.

In addition to including the path to the FASTA, the reference sheet can also be used to specify paths to pre-built indices of each reference (namely, `.fai` from `samtools faidx`, `.dict` from `picard CreateSequenceDictionary`, and/or a directory pointing to a directory containing the indices for the given mapper - e.g. created with `bwa index`).

Note that passing a reference sheet to the pipeline with `--fasta` will _override_ any corresponding directly-supplied parameters specifying user-build indices (`--fasta_fai`, `--fasta_dict`).

An example of a reference sheet in `csv` format is as follows:

```txt

> reference_name,fasta,fai,dict,mapper_index,circular_target,mitochondrion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reference_name,fasta,fai,dict,mapper_index,circular_target, mitochondrion_header
```

Mammoth_MT_Krause,//<path>/<to>/data/Mammoth_MT_Krause.fasta,/<path>/<to>/data/Mammoth_MT_Krause.fasta.fai,/<path>/<to>/data/Mammoth_MT_Krause.dict,/<path>/<to>/data/,NC_007596.2,NC_007596.2
Human_MT,/<path>/<to>/data/Human_MT.fasta.gz,,,,,
```

> Only `reference_name`, and `fasta` are mandatory, whereas all other entries can be missing depending on your context.

Author: ```suggestion
Only the `reference_name`, and `fasta` columns are mandatory, whereas all other cells can be empty depending on your context (i.e., the column name is still required, however you can supply paths to all or any of the optional columns).
```

| reference_name  | Yes      | Name of the reference to be used in file names and nextflow console log                                                    |
| fasta           | Yes      | Path to FASTA of reference. Can be optionally gzipped                                                                      |
| fai             | No       | Optional path to pre-build SAMtools `fai` index file corresponding to the FASTA                                            |
| dict            | No       | Optional path to pre-build picard `dict` index file corresponding to the FASTA                                             |
| mapper_index    | No       | Optional path to _directory_ containing pre-build mapper index files corresponding to the FASTA                            |
| circular_target | No       | Optional string, and only required for CircularMapper, with name of entry in FASTA to extend (up to first space in header) |
| mitocondrion    | No       | Optional string, and only required for MTNucRatio, with name of entry in FASTA of mitochondrion entry's header.            |

> 

Reviewer: We will be adding a lot more fields to this...

> | mitochondrion    | No       | Optional string, and only required for MTNucRatio, with name of entry in FASTA of mitochondrion entry's header.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mitochondrion_header    | No       | Optional string, and only required for MTNucRatio, with name of entry in FASTA of mitochondrion entry's header.            |
```

Files for `fai`, `dict`, `mapper_index` will be generated by the pipeline for you if not specified.

> A real-world example could look as follows, where a user-supplied `.dict` file nor circular generator not MtNucRatio is required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A real-world example could look as follows, where a user-supplied `.dict` file and `circular_target ` and `mitochondrion_header` are not specified:
```

| mitochondrion    | No       | Optional string, and only required for MTNucRatio, with name of entry in FASTA of mitochondrion entry's header.            |

Files for `fai`, `dict`, `mapper_index` will be generated by the pipeline for you if not specified.
`circular_target` and `mitochondiron` are only needed if circular mapper and MtNucRatio modules are selected.

A filled-in example is like so, where a user-supplied `.dict` file nor circular generator not MtNucRatio is required:
A real-world example could look as follows, where a user-supplied `.dict` file nor circular generator not MtNucRatio is required:

```txt
reference_name,fasta,fai,dict,mapper_index,circular_target,mitochondrion
tannerella_forsythia,~/data/reference/tannerella_forstythia.fasta,~/data/reference/tannerella_forstythia.fasta.fai,,~/data/reference/tannerella_forstythia.dict,~/data/reference/,,

> ```

Author: Re-added

> > ⚠️ The names of the files in the `mapper_index` directory must have the same basename as the FASTA itself! e.g. if FASTA is Mammoth_MT_Krause.fasta, then each BWA index file should be Mammoth_MT_Krausef.fasta.<suffix>

Reviewer: the `<suffix>` does not get rendered in the final markdown document.

Author: Escaped

> > ⚠️ The names of the files in the `mapper_index` directory must have the same basename as the FASTA itself! e.g. if FASTA is Mammoth_MT_Krause.fasta, then each BWA index file should be Mammoth_MT_Krausef.fasta.\<suffix\>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ The names of the files in the `mapper_index` directory must have the same basename as the FASTA itself! e.g. if FASTA is Mammoth_MT_Krause.fasta, then each BWA index file should be Mammoth_MT_Krause.fasta.\<suffix\>
```

```bash
NXF_OPTS='-Xms1g -Xmx4g'
```

> 
> ## FAQ
> 
> ### Why do some of my job names say null in them
> 
> When supplying BAM files as input to the pipeline, they are not automatically associated with a reference file for some of the steps that do not require a FASTA file.
> 
> As they aren't associated with a reference file these BAM files will not have the metadata about the reference until they are run in a step of the pipeline that requires a reference.
> 
> Therefore in most cases you do not need to worry about this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This no longer applies.
